Premine error (#758)
helium/HIP: 0092-premine-error-correction.md

This HIP proposes that the following process is followed after this HIP is approved by the community.

1. A multi-sig premine correction wallet will be created to fund awarding qualifying Hotspots that were not awarded during the IOT pre-mine.

> 2. Each qualifying Hotspot will be awarded 5798.755355 (2_500_000_000/431_127) IOT tokens out of the multi-sig wallet and transferred to the wallet that owned the Hotspot at the time of the original pre-mine award (20th April, 2023). The specifics of how this is implemented will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Each qualifying Hotspot will be awarded 5,798.755355 (2,500,000,000 available IOT tokens / 431,127 rewarded Hotspots at migration) IOT tokens out of the multi-sig wallet and transferred to the wallet that owned the Hotspot at the time of the original pre-mine award (20th April, 2023). The specifics of how this is implemented will be 
```

Reviewer: slightly more human readable.

Author: > slightly more human readable.

Agreed! 👍

Reviewer: oddly, doesn't look like this change actually committed?
